{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27780\viewh16580\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 1. Setup
\f1\b0 \
\
After importing the package select your terrain in the editor. The drop down menu under paint tools will now contain a folder called \'93RunSwimFly Tools\'94. Ensure that you have ticked the \'93Draw Instanced\'94 checkbox in you terrain options. \
\
\

\f0\b 2. Overview
\f1\b0 \
\
The package adds automation to the process of texture and height painting. It does this by filtering according to terrain slope, height and texture and through simulating hydraulic erosion.\
\
You can view a usage demonstration at https://youtu.be/2H84nHdi_JM\
\
\

\f0\b 3. Masked Paint Texture\
\

\f1\b0 The masked texture tool allows you to paint textures using slope and height filters and by using the pre existing textures as masks or stencils. As with all of the tools mouse over a label to get a description of what the control does. Using the various sliders you can set a control value at which a texture is maximally applied. You can also set the breadth of values over which the texture is applied and how sharp the boundary is.\
\
Slope and height slider values can be set directly or by shift clicking or shift dragging to sample the terrain in the scene view. You can preview current settings by clicking the \'93Fill\'94 button and then undoing. Then paint as you would with any other tool or hit \'93Fill\'94 to paint the entire terrain.\
\
Each texture has its own set of control values so you can move between them without losing your settings.\
\
\

\f0\b 4. Hydraulic Erosion\
\

\f1\b0 This tool uses a simulated water flow to erode terrains. Left mouse to add water to the terrain. The brush opacity setting determines the rate of water addition. \
\
When you first start adding water a simulation area is set up around the brush. You can wait for the water to evaporate or you can stop the simulation by pressing the shift key. Left clicking outside the simulation zone will restart the simulation with a new zone. You can expand the simulation area using the \'93Extent\'94 slider until it covers the entire terrain. However large simulation areas require faster graphics hardware to run at a reasonable frame rate.\
\
There are numerous controls to affect water behaviour and appearance, erosion characteristics and simulation speed and area. Mouse over the labels to get tool tips. As always you can undo if you are not satisfied with the results.\
\
You can mask or stencil the operation according to the underlying texture.\
\
\

\f0\b 5. Height Flow\
\

\f1\b0 Operates similarly to the Hydraulic Erosion tool but here the terrain itself becomes fluid. Useful for creating smoothly flowing terrain areas or simulating lava, landslides and ice flows.\
\
\

\f0\b 6. Other tools\
\

\f1\b0 The other tools operate as their standard analogues but with the ability to mask or stencil the operation according to the underlying texture.\
\
\

\f0\b 7. Contact\
\

\f1\b0 Please contact business@runswimfly.com if you have any comments or queries.\
\
\
\
\
}